chore: basic test plan document (#2182)
ChainSafe/forest: documentation/developer_documentation/TEST_PLAN.md

# Forest Test Plan

    Version: 1.0
    Author: David Himmelstrup
    Date updated: 2022-11-14

## Test objective:

The Filecoin specification is complex and changes rapidly over time. To manage this complexity, Forest uses a rigorous testing framework, starting with individual functions and ending with complete end-to-end validation. The goals, in descending order of priority, are:

> - **Regression detection.** If Forest can no longer connect to main net or if any of its features break, the development team should be automatically notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Regression detection.** If Forest can no longer connect to mainnet or if any of its features break, the development team should be automatically notified.
```

- Languages: [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
- CI/CD: [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/ChainSafe/forest/actions)
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

## Deliverables:

The only deliverable is a green checkmark. Either all tests pass and a PR may be merged into the main branch or something is not up to spec and the PR is blocked.

## Test Environment & CI

Short-running tests are executed via GitHub Actions on Linux and MacOS. Long-running tests are run on dedicated testing servers.

The services on the dedicated servers are described here: https://github.com/ChainSafe/forest-iac

## Test Data:

No private or confidential data is involved in testing. Everything is public.

## Bug template:

Bug report template is available on GitHub: https://github.com/ChainSafe/forest/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

The template is applied automatically when bugs are reported through GitHub.

## Risk & Issues:

- We depend on the calibration network for testing. If this network is down, our testing capabilities are degraded.
- We depend on GitHub Actions for testing. If GitHub Action is unavailable, testing will be degraded.

> - Testing against main net is effective for discovering issues, but not great for identifying root causes. Finding bugs *before* syncing to main net is always to be preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Testing against mainnet is effective for discovering issues, but not great for identifying root causes. Finding bugs *before* syncing to mainnet is always to be preferred.
```
